bylaws/officers.md, before:

# Officers of the Corporation
## Offices held
The officers of this corporation shall be a number of Functionaries, with a minimum of a Secretary Functionary and Treasurer Functionary at all times. The corporation, at the board's discretion, may also have a chairman of the board.

Neither the Secretary Functionary nor the Treasurer Functionary may serve concurrently as either the President or Chairman of the Board.

{% include "../bylaw-pending.md"%}

## Appointment of the Chairman of the Board
At the board's discretion, a member of the board of directors may be may be chosen annually by the board to be appointed to the office of chairman of the board and shall serve at the pleasure of the board, subject to the rights of any officer under any employment contract.

{% include "../bylaw-pending.md"%}

## Assumption of Office of Functionary
As a collective, functionary positions are voluntary roles taken on by willing members and intended to change regularly. No person may hold more than one position simultaneously, unless permitted by the membership. Any member or non-member of this corporation may perform any of the functions of any of the Functionaries, however the Functionaries are expected to perform their duties regularly and must perform them if no one else can or will.

{% include "../bylaw-pending.md"%}

## Qualifications
Any member or non-member of this corporation may assume the office of a Functionary.

{% include "../bylaw-pending.md"%}

## Removal and Replacement
A Functionary may be replaced by another qualified person at any time during a Regular Meeting of the membership by a simple majority vote, or a resolution by the Board of Directors.

{% include "../bylaw-pending.md"%}

## Resignation
Any Functionary may voluntarily cede the role to another qualified person at any time by giving written notification to the Secretary Functionary, Chairman of the Board, if any, or Board of Directors. The resignation shall take effect on the date the notice is received or at any later time specified in the notice. Unless otherwise specified in the notice, the resignation need not be accepted to be effective. Any resignation shall be without prejudice to any rights of the corporation under any contract to which the officeris a party.

{% include "../bylaw-pending.md"%}

## Vacancies in Office
A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal, disqualification, or any other cause shall be filled in the manner prescribed in these bylaws for normal assumption to that office, provided, however, that vacancies need not be filled on an annual basis.

## Responsibilities of Officers

### Chairman of the Board

If a chairman of the board of directors is elected, they shall preside at board meetings and shall exercise and perform such other powers and duties as the board may assign from time to time. If there is no president, the chairman of the board shall also be the chief executive officer and shall have the powers and duties of the president of the corporation set forth in these bylaws.

{% include "../bylaw-pending.md"%}

### Functionaries
Functionaries of this Corporation shall be the general managers of the corporation and shall supervise, direct, and control the Corporation's activities, affairs, and lesser officers. Additionally, Functionaries shall supervise and direct each other in a manner consistent with this corporation's purpose. Excepting Functionaries described in these bylaws, the duties, responsibilities, titles and number of all functionaries shall be set by a decision of the Membership and recorded by the Secretary Functionary. Functionaries shall also have such other powers and duties as the board or the bylaws may require.

{% include "../bylaw-pending.md"%}

### Secretary Functionary
In addition to responsibilities common to all Functionaries, the Secretary Functionary shall keep or cause to be kept, at the corporation's principal office or such other place as the board may direct, a book of minutes of all meetings, proceedings, and actions of the board, and of members' meetings. The minutes of meetings shall include the time and place that the meeting was held; whether the meeting was annual, general, or special, and, if special, how authorized; the notice given; the names of persons present at board meetings; and the number of members present or represented at members' meetings.

The secretary shall keep or cause to be kept, at the principal California office, a copy of the articles of incorporation and bylaws, as amended to date.
The secretary shall keep or cause to be kept, at the corporation's principal office or at a place determined by resolution of the board, a record of the corporation's members, showing each member's name and email address.
The secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of members and of the board these bylaws require to be given. The secretary shall keep the corporate seal, if any, in safe custody and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as the board or the bylaws may require.

{% include "../bylaw-pending.md"%}

### Treasury Functionary

In addition to responsibilities common to all Functionaries, the Treasury Functionary shall keep and maintain, or cause to be kept and maintained, adequate and correct books and accounts of the corporation's properties and transactions. The Treasury Functionary shall send or cause to be given to the members and directors such financial statements and reports as are required to be given by law, by these bylaws, or by the board. The books of account shall be open to inspection by any director at all reasonable times.
The Treasury Functionary shall
* deposit, or cause to be deposited, all money and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the corporation with such depositories as the board may designate;
* disburse the corporation's funds as the board may order;
* collect or cause to be collected membership dues, donations, and other revenue;
* render to the functionaries, chairman of the board, if any, and the board, when requested, an account of all transactions as Treasury Functionary and of the financial condition of the corporation; and
* have such other powers and perform such other duties as the board or the bylaws may require.

If required by the board, the Treasury Functionary shall give the corporation a bond in the amount and with the surety or sureties specified by the board for faithful performance of the duties of the office and for restoration to the corporation of all of its books, papers, vouchers, money, and other property of every kind in the possession or under the control of the chief financial officer on his or her death, resignation, retirement, or removal from office.

{% include "../bylaw-pending.md"%}

Commit message:

Expand on creating and removing additional functionaries

bylaws/officers.md, after:

# Officers of the Corporation
## Offices held
The officers of this corporation shall be a number of Functionaries, with a minimum of a Secretary Functionary and Treasurer Functionary at all times. The corporation, at the board's discretion, may also have a chairman of the board.

Neither the Secretary Functionary nor the Treasurer Functionary may serve concurrently as either the President or Chairman of the Board.

{% include "../bylaw-pending.md"%}

## Appointment of the Chairman of the Board
At the board's discretion, a member of the board of directors may be may be chosen annually by the board to be appointed to the office of chairman of the board and shall serve at the pleasure of the board, subject to the rights of any officer under any employment contract.

{% include "../bylaw-pending.md"%}

## Appointment of Other Functionaries
The membership may create additional functionary positions at any time during a Regular Meeting of the membership by resolution that such a position is warranted to fulfill the essential needs of this corporation's activities, and a qualified person shall be appointed to the office concurrent with the creation of the office.

## Voluntary Assumption and Performance of Office of Functionary
As a collective, functionary positions are voluntary roles taken on by willing members and intended to change regularly. No person may hold more than one position simultaneously, unless permitted by the membership. Any member or non-member of this corporation may perform any of the functions of any of the Functionaries, however the Functionaries are expected to perform their duties regularly and must perform them if no one else can or will.

{% include "../bylaw-pending.md"%}

## Qualifications
Any member or non-member of this corporation may hold the office of a Functionary.

{% include "../bylaw-pending.md"%}

## Removal and Replacement
A Functionary may be replaced by another qualified person at any time during a Regular Meeting of the membership by a simple majority vote, or a resolution by the Board of Directors.

Excepting mandatory Functionary offices defined in these bylaws, a Functionary office may be removed at any time during a regular meeting of the membership by resolution that such a position is no longer needed to fulfill the essential needs of this corporation's activities, with the consent of the current functionary in said office.

{% include "../bylaw-pending.md"%}

## Resignation
Any Functionary may voluntarily cede the role to another qualified person at any time by giving written notification to the Secretary Functionary, Chairperson of the Board, if any, or Board of Directors. The resignation shall take effect on the date the notice is received or at any later time specified in the notice. Unless otherwise specified in the notice, the resignation need not be accepted to be effective. Any resignation shall be without prejudice to any rights of the corporation under any contract to which the officeris a party.

{% include "../bylaw-pending.md"%}

## Vacancies in Office
A vacancy in any office because of death, resignation, removal, disqualification, or any other cause shall be filled in the manner prescribed in these bylaws for normal assumption to that office, provided, however, that vacancies need not be filled on an annual basis.

## Responsibilities of Officers

### Chairperson of the Board

If a Chairperson of the board of directors is elected, they shall preside at board meetings and shall exercise and perform such other powers and duties as the board may assign from time to time. If there is no president, the chairperson of the board shall also be the chief executive officer and shall have the powers and duties of the president of the corporation set forth in these bylaws.

{% include "../bylaw-pending.md"%}

### Functionaries
Functionaries of this Corporation shall be the general managers of the corporation and shall supervise, direct, and control the Corporation's activities, affairs, and lesser officers. Additionally, Functionaries shall supervise and direct each other in a manner consistent with this corporation's purpose. Excepting Functionaries described in these bylaws, the duties, responsibilities, titles and number of all functionaries shall be set by a decision of the Membership and recorded by the Secretary Functionary. Functionaries shall also have such other powers and duties as the board or the bylaws may require.

{% include "../bylaw-pending.md"%}

### Secretary Functionary
In addition to responsibilities common to all Functionaries, the Secretary Functionary shall keep or cause to be kept, at the corporation's principal office or such other place as the board may direct, a book of minutes of all meetings, proceedings, and actions of the board, and of members' meetings. The minutes of meetings shall include the time and place that the meeting was held; whether the meeting was annual, general, or special, and, if special, how authorized; the notice given; the names of persons present at board meetings; and the number of members present or represented at members' meetings.

The secretary shall keep or cause to be kept, at the principal California office, a copy of the articles of incorporation and bylaws, as amended to date.
The secretary shall keep or cause to be kept, at the corporation's principal office or at a place determined by resolution of the board, a record of the corporation's members, showing each member's name and email address.
The secretary shall give, or cause to be given, notice of all meetings of members and of the board these bylaws require to be given. The secretary shall keep the corporate seal, if any, in safe custody and shall have such other powers and perform such other duties as the board or the bylaws may require.
The secretary shall keep or cause to be kept, at the corporation's principal office or at a place determined by resolution of the board, a record of the corporation's functionary officers, showing each officer's name and description of responsibilities.

{% include "../bylaw-pending.md"%}

### Treasury Functionary

In addition to responsibilities common to all Functionaries, the Treasury Functionary shall keep and maintain, or cause to be kept and maintained, adequate and correct books and accounts of the corporation's properties and transactions. The Treasury Functionary shall send or cause to be given to the members and directors such financial statements and reports as are required to be given by law, by these bylaws, or by the board. The books of account shall be open to inspection by any director at all reasonable times.
The Treasury Functionary shall
* deposit, or cause to be deposited, all money and other valuables in the name and to the credit of the corporation with such depositories as the board may designate;
* disburse the corporation's funds as the board may order;
* collect or cause to be collected membership dues, donations, and other revenue;
* render to the functionaries, chairman of the board, if any, and the board, when requested, an account of all transactions as Treasury Functionary and of the financial condition of the corporation; and
* have such other powers and perform such other duties as the board or the bylaws may require.

If required by the board, the Treasury Functionary shall give the corporation a bond in the amount and with the surety or sureties specified by the board for faithful performance of the duties of the office and for restoration to the corporation of all of its books, papers, vouchers, money, and other property of every kind in the possession or under the control of the chief financial officer on his or her death, resignation, retirement, or removal from office.

{% include "../bylaw-pending.md"%}
